You will see in this video
nice ? yes very nice
The cook is still boiling
Sabaya? yes Sabaya
not 10 on 10 it is 100 on 10
Honestly, I want to cry
It's beans, guys
I am addicted to Maasoab , Take it as an intravenous injection
Salam Alaikum ,
You are welcome in a new video
Today we are not in Yemen , we are in Qatar
but we are hosted by the people of Yemen
They have wisdom, faith and kind hearts
Today we're at Raydan Restaurant
they invite us , thanks for the Manager Abo Hamad for his invitation
Today there is a small celebration
There is also the singer Salah Al-Rahbi
we hope the video will be nice
stay with us , we will explain about the Yemen food
While we were in the restaurant waiting to prepare the food
We saw these two beautiful girls
And we would love to take their opinion on Yemeni food
What do you think about Yemeni food ?
nice
only nice ? or very nice ? or normal ?
very nice
and you what do you think ?
nice and tasty
Dears, we have reached the important stage
I respect the songs and the arts , but the food is what really important
Abo Hamad will help us and explain about the food
because our information is not enough at all
Let's start one by one
all of these items are eaten with bread, right?
right , so lets talk about the bread first
this one is the wet Bread
Fried bread with black seeds
the other one is Al Rashoush bread
Let's start  by this one
this one is Chicken Okda with vegetables
also meat Okda is available
There are many types of Yemeni food
These plates are made of clay so they retain heat for a long time
this one is Fahsa with meat
also available with Chicken
also with vegetables but it is completely different taste from Okda
the next one is Salta
It also tastes different and includes okra and fenugreek
With different spices and potatoes
so it is completely different from the two before it
This beans cooked in Yemeni way
We have three types of Shakshouka and this is one of them
and this is sheep liver
It is cooked in a special way
and this is Beans
and this one is the queen of Yemeni food
They call it Sabaya
It is a meal prepared on occasions and in every Yemeni house
we will try one by one
stay with us to discover the taste
In the name of God
We started with the chicken Okda
and it is not 10 on 10  ,  it is 100 on 10
also Fahsa is very delicious
The spices you have are really delicious
It is a Yemeni spice
We really don't know what to say
Great bread taste with great food taste
The amazing taste is hard to describe , I want to cry
Okda is number 1 , Salta   is number 2 , Fahsa is number 3
lets try the Yemeni Bean
The beans are also delicious
If you want to eat Shakshouka, you must eat Yemeni Shakshouka
how to eat this one ?
the next level came
This is a gas grilled chicken with Bashawar rice
and this is a Mandi chicken , very famous
and this is a Mandi lamb
and this is a Mathbi chicken
this is Adani Zorbian lamp
Dear viewers, after this delicious war is over
Actually the food was very tasty
We have reached the important moment that Abu Abdullah has been waiting for since we entered the restaurant
Al Maasob is one of my favorite dessert since 17 years
I am addicted to Maasoab , Take it as an intravenous injection
As far as I know it is made from chopped Yemeni Tawa bread with banana
Cream, honey and grated kraft cheese are added to it
so you can imagine how is the taste
for me ,the first time Abu Abdullah let me try it
I didn't like it very much
but after two or three times , I love it too much
Today we will try also her cousin,   Arika
According to what Abu Hamad told me, it contains dates instead of bananas
Dear viewers, we have reached the end of the video
thank you for watching and we thank our brother Abu Hamad for the invitation
We want to finish this video so that we can eat these two delicious dishes
Don't forget to subscribe to the channel and like the video
Salam Alaikum